he waters up guys my name is naught and
today I'm going to be talking about did
you know in Grand Theft Auto 5 today we
have four things to talk about in this
video so I hope you enjoy before i get
this video if you could get a thumbs up
that'd be very much appreciated let's
try and smash that goal of 1000 likes
it's now friday / saturday for some of
you guys so yes let the weekend begin so
don't forget to subscribe to a channel
as well for more grand theft auto 5
content every single day and let's not
forget about my second channel as well
which will be linked in the description
below so right now I have four things to
show you guys which hopefully you did
not know one of them is a glitch /a a
trick but it's very amusing to do and
it's very secretive as well and that is
in fact this some sort of invisible
ladder our credits to FC glitching for
showing this to his fans he recently hit
100k congratulations to him longtime
buddy and long term youtuber but now all
you want to do is come over to this
location come up to the wall and there's
an invisible ladder as simple as that
it's really cool I guess that there was
a ladder originally placed there which
they took away but kept the traits but
it's an invisible ladder nothing hard
nothing harmful just completely harmless
and ice nothing you can do maybe get
some thumbnails with it or some pictures
matt mattox or just even have a bit of
fun and confuse your friends be like
spider-man click climbing the walls and
and all that what not you can also try
and trick some friends with this you can
climb up walls and let them think you
asked by the man like i said but you can
definitely have some fun with that
glitch / trick that you guys want to
cool but now let's get into the next one
and that is that multiple sources are
claiming that destiny will in fact beat
the sales of grand theft auto 5 with
over 34 million sales sold or copies
sold of granted away 5 making a grand
total of three billion dollars almost I
believe destiny could beat it and the
only reason whether saying that is
because destiny is seen as a long-term
game and the developers of destiny are
saying that it will last for up to 10
years with the content they're going to
bring out to it it's gonna be an ongoing
game and I think that I think I could
believe that if they made it on going I
reckon it would definitely break some
records on the most games sold however
within the first few hours I think GTA 5
will still keep their record
there but I could see destiny going on
for a long time as it is a unique game
in itself next up I have a fun fact for
you guys in grab that the way 5 and yes
trevor is actually a cannibal in the
game he is referenced to eat humans do
human eyelids and even Michael knows
this and you hear a lot of quotes in the
game you'll see these in quite a few
missions just keep your ears open and
it's going through quite a few forums
now that it does confirm that Trevor may
actually be a cannibal in the game by
one of your thoughts in the comment
section below on that one because I
think he could be definitely some weird
stuff and he also works for the ultras
camp delivering hostages to the cannibal
camp as well to be eaten and sacrifice
and last but not least I decided to add
this into the did you know instead of
make a whole video on it the price is
for granted 205 are in fact going down
and the only reason why that is
happening and you will see this around
the country it's because they are
preparing for next gen by lowering the
prices they'll probably lower the costs
of the trade in prices on the games
meeting people will actually not be able
to trade in their GTA 5 for current-gen
as much as they would hope for as they
of course they lowered the prices for
the game they also usually lower the
prices for the game to show that they
have another game coming out which is
most likely going to be better than it
and obviously it's not going to be
destiny because it's not under rockstar
games it's gonna have to be next gen GTA
5 and PC GTA 5 so just watch out for the
prices when they load down quite a bit
and very fast as usually because they
have another game lining up and they
have the dates all confirmed I will be
coming out in fact very soon so we did
teach you something new please feel free
to leave a like and subscribe to our
channel for more grand theft auto 5
content every single day let me know
what you think in the conversation blow
with also some more did you knows as
well my name is naught and I'll see you
guys next time
you